good morning
[Music]
welcome to story flicks in this video we
will discuss a spanish language thriller
which is an original film produced by
netflix
the paramedic tells the story of angel a
psychopathic man who is ready to do
anything to get his lover back
even with his half-paralyzed body
condition can vani
his lover escape from the ambush of his
former psychopath
let's find out directly in the paramedic
film
the paramedic film tells the story of
angel a man who works as a medical team
in the emergency services
together with ricardo his partner angel
is always ready to help people who have
an accident
however angel is not as innocent as a
medical officer in general
angel did not hesitate to take valuables
belonging to the victims he helped
such as glasses or jewelry these
collected items are then sold to a man
named furman
angel lives in an apartment with his
girlfriend vani who is studying as a
veterinarian
in their apartment lived an old man
named vicente who lived with a pet dog
banny likes animals but not angel angel
even stepped on the poop of vicente's
pet dog
and deliberately brushed it on the
carpet of vicente's apartment
every night vicente's dog barks
disturbing angle's sleep
it made angel want to get rid of the dog
angel wanted to have children but
despite trying many times
vani is still not pregnant when he went
to the obstetrician angel was told
that his sperm was so weak that he would
have a hard time having children
it was then that angel realized that he
was the primary source of the unpregnant
vani
in fact angel and vani's relationship is
not very romantic
one day angel checks bani's cell phone
and finds vani has been chatting with
her classmate named roberto
roberto himself looks so handsome bang
el himself is a very possessive person
towards his partner
at the hospital where he works angel has
a friend named andres who works as a
doctor
and sure enough andres often gave angel
medicines to take
one day angel gets an emergency call he
and ricardo immediately picked up the
victim who had an accident
while on his way back to the hospital
ricardo suddenly took a shortcut
unfortunately their car had an accident
the result of the accident
was fatal for angel he was paralyzed in
his legs
so he had to sit in a wheelchair his
condition hit angel
and vani so severely now angel must
accept the fact that he has to use a
wheelchair
vani patiently takes care of angel but
hang elle begins to be possessive of
vani
bangle suspects that vani is currently
close to his college friend
roberto vanni looks dressed up when he
is about to go to campus
fear of losing vani makes angela learn
how to hack vani's cell phone
one day ricardo his old work friend came
to visit
it can be seen that ricardo only
suffered scratches on his face as a
result of the accident
angel was so angry to see ricardo who
had caused him to be half paralyzed
finally he kicked ricardo out of his
apartment that night when she was about
to go to college
angel pretended to ask van e to buy him
ice cream later than he used the moment
to install a hacking application on
vani's cell phone
now he has all access to her mobile
phone including chat and camera and whom
she communicates
through his laptop angel could even tell
where vani had gone
angel spent the night alone at home and
his sleep was disturbed
vicente's dog barked all night and when
confronted
vicente said he was forced to leave his
dog alone at home when he visited his
hospitalized wife
but it seems that angel can't stand the
dog's presence anymore
night came angel and vani get into an
argument
vani was offered a job at a veterinary
clinic and will work part-time as
customer service
it made angels so angry the two also
quarreled because vani only wanted to
pursue her dream
in the middle of the night angel wakes
up in pain he was in so much pain and
was trying to find
painkillers finally he found it in the
kitchen
but angel wanted to trap danny with
guilt so he hid the dope under the bed
the following day when vani came home
angel scolded her for letting himself be
in pain all night without medicine
that incident made vani so guilty angel
who could not stand the barking of
vicente's dog
decided to kill the dog he stuck the
needle into the flesh and gave it to
vicente's dog
obviously his psychopathic psyche is
starting to grow
then through his computer screen angel
finally monitored vani's conversation
with her
friend vanni says that she can't stand
living with angel anymore but she still
can't leave him
even though her friend had asked bannie
to go especially angel was very rude to
her
realizing that danny might leave him
angel finally decides to seduce her
angel is suddenly busy preparing a
romantic dinner for vani
he also asked benny to wear the super
sexy dress he bought
angel promised to renovate his
grandmother's room for vani so that she
could study comfortably
he still hopes to have a baby with vani
that incident made vani even more
confused to leave angel
while angel was taking a shower vani
sent a message to her friend
surprisingly she could hear the sound of
messages being sent from the computer in
angel's room
as if her cell phone was connected to it
out of curiosity
she then checked it was then that vani
realized that angel had been monitoring
her every move
angel is definitely a true stalker angry
that her privacy has been infiltrated
vani decides to leave angel for good
bringing some clothes
finally she left she only left a pink
dress that angel had bought
angel who realized that vani knew his
secret was so sad
but he realized that vani would never
return several months later angela lived
in solitude
one day angel decides to find vani by
following her to her school
it was then that he realized that vani
and ricardo were currently dating
that fact made angel so angry it turns
out that ricardo intentionally caused
dang el to crash
because he had been in a relationship
with vani for a long time
angel ends up following vani and ricardo
to a baby supply store
it turns out that danny is pregnant with
ricardo's child
realizing that angel was devastated
moreover he hoped to have children
so angel's psychopathic soul begins to
burn and he begins to plan a plan to get
vani
back angel then meets andres his friend
who is a doctor
angel asks for an anesthetic as he said
his leg is always in pain
angel then followed vanity to her school
and pretended to say goodbye
vani who feels sorry for angel's
condition finally intends to take him to
his apartment
there angel said that he had put in some
clothes and some van equipment
with that angel coaxed vanie into his
apartment
but benny was not at all expecting the
trap that angel had prepared for her
inside the apartment angel injects an
anesthetic into vani's ass which
immediately gulps her consciousness
once again vani is trapped in the world
of angel
vani wakes up in angel's former
grandmother's room her hands and feet
were tied
at the same time her mouth was gagged so
she could not speak
despite screaming as loudly as she could
vani realized she couldn't break free
angel then played loud music and locked
danny in the room
to launch the action angel then took
vani's cell phone and texted ricardo
the message says that vani doesn't want
to have anything to do with ricardo
anymore
then her cell phone was thrown into the
riverbed
angel is obsessed with vani he just kept
holding vani and sleeping alone with him
but that night vicente heard a commotion
from angel's apartment
so he came to check vicente insisted
that he heard the music playing very
loud
he could even hear vanni's voice but
angel assures that there is no vani
there
angel also lied if he brought in a
prostitute
the next night angel returns to his
apartment but is intercepted by ricardo
ricardo insisted that the vani
disappeared and the person who sent the
text was not her
he knew full well that he and vani
wanted to have children and it was
impossible she would leave him
but angel insisted that he didn't know
about danny he then sped away
the following day vani woke up and was
shocked to see angel sitting beside her
but she was even more shocked when she
found that her legs could not be moved
at all
angels said if her leg was just numbed
and it wouldn't be permanent
angel said that he would take good care
of the vani's baby
angel then played loud music again and
vani knew she couldn't get out of the
room with her numb legs
she was clearly trapped in that
apartment with a psychopath
alone on the balcony of his room angel
gets a message from ricardo saying he is
sure angel knows about the missing vani
then he will call the police if angel
doesn't hand over the vanity quickly
angle knew very well that the police
should not catch him
he must do something to get rid of
ricardo forever
angel and vani then had dinner together
and when angel was off guard
vani hid angel in the head with a
champagne bottle with all her
might while dragging her body vani
struggled to get out of the apartment
but she is not as strong compared to
angel with a single injection
angel managed to incapacitate vani
however
the fight between the two turned out to
be heard by vicente
vicente is sure that he heard vanni's
voice and forces his way into angel's
apartment
bang l with a wound on his head could do
nothing but let the sente in
vicente who saw vanie lying on the floor
tried to help her but dangle didn't let
him ruin his plan
with a knife angel repeatedly stabbed
the old man until he finally killed him
to get rid of vicente's body angel calls
his stolen goods collector
furman vicente's body was finally
removed so easily
in the morning angel was having
breakfast when he heard that the police
were coming
amazingly he was able to act and did not
look panicked at all
the officer came to look for vanny's
missing angel insisted that he knew
nothing about the missing of bani
since that incident angel knew that he
had to get rid of ricardo
as soon as possible so armed with the
apartment key he got from bani's bag
angel sneaked into ricardo's apartment
hiding behind a curtain in the bathroom
angel injects an anesthetic which
instantly paralyzes ricardo he then put
a lot of alcohol into ricardo's mouth
using a funnel
he also spilled cocaine powder on the
table looking as if ricardo had left
from an overdose
such was the perfect plan to get rid of
its competitors back in his room
angel was already very excited to
welcome baby vani
she even prepared a baby crib he has
also cooked a lot of food for the vani
who is now also in a wheelchair angel
wants her to be healthy
so she can give birth to a healthy baby
too while eating
angel took out a ring he had stolen
before and proposed to vani
vani didn't move to look at angel she
knew she had to get out of the apartment
as soon as possible while going to the
bathroom
vani reassures angele that she needs to
be alone because she knew
that dang el kept the nail clippers on
the shelf with great difficulty
danny finally found an object that would
help her escape
that night vani shivered with fever and
angel knew
if he had to look for medicine so by
tying and gagging her mouth
angel went leaving vani alone in the
apartment it turned out that danny had
hidden the nail clipper in her private
part
with the nail clippers she tried
desperately to untie the knots
and finally managed to break free now
danny must struggle to get out of the
apartment
as soon as possible but she couldn't
walk so vani pulled herself with all her
power left
armed with a screwdriver bany struggled
to break the door's hinges until she
finally managed to get out of angel's
apartment
at that time the apartment surroundings
were empty and vani struggled to drag
her body as far as possible
but just as vanier reached the stairs
angel was back in an elevator
bang el who saw vani struggling to catch
her vani shouted loudly as she dragged
herself as far away from the psychopath
as possible
angel and vani then duel until finally
vani manages to push angel and make him
fall to the ground floor
angel was unconscious a few months later
the scene moves to a hospital where
angel is sitting completely paralyzed
from falling from that height
now angel can't even move all his body
the pregnant vani came and started to
push angel away
slowly bani whispered that from now on
she would take care of angel
in other words vani is ready to take
revenge for what she has experienced so
far
subscribe for more storyline videos
let's unpacked it together
[Music]
you